? What is a gitignore file and what should it include for a Java project?
It's a list of files you want git to ignore in your work directory. 
If you create a file in your repository named .gitignore, 
Git uses it to determine which files and directories to ignore, before you make a commit. 
A .gitignore file should be committed into your repository, 
in order to share the ignore rules with any other users that clone the repository¡£

A file should be ignored if any of the following is true:
The file is not used by your project
The file is not used by anyone else in your team
The file is generated by another process
For Java project, it should include all files except the java files and readme.

? What does fast-forward in Git mean?
In certain situations, Git does a fast forward when you merge a branch that is 
ahead of your checked-out branch.The branch is ahead of the master at the point of the merge.  
The master had no commits; It never diverged from the branch. 
At the time of the merge, Git recognizes this situation, so it fast forwards 
the master branch's pointer to match the merged commits. 

? Why should you have different branches?
A branch in git is merely a named pointer to a
commit node in the tree. When you created a repo, git by default created a pointer
named master. A Git branch is to be something that will be merged 
in the future or stored read-only for reference. Git branches that co-exist indefinitely mean work
 for everyone: Changes need to be propagated and merged, conflicts resolved. It can be easier to split 
jobs on teammates and each one take care of one part and merge them together when all finished.
Branches help separate different projects so that it is easy to push out only finished projects.
 Branches also tend to be easier than cloned directories
 for pulling in changes and for sharing changes across multiple projects.
Branches also have the added benefit of allowing users to share a development branch and so 
work together on a project without disturbing the master branch, which is something we have
 occasion to do on our project frequently. 


? In a project how many remote Git repositories do you usually have?
2. one for primary use. one for backup in case something goes wrong.